# data-visualization-GCI

To complete the "Data Visualization in R with Lattice Graphics" task, I followed the following steps:

1. I set a numerical variable "salary" and put 15 numbers in it. These numbers are pretty random.
2. I set a numerical variable "age" and put 15 random numbers in it. These numbers are also pretty random.I set a numerical variable "age" and put 15 random numbers in it.
3. I set a numerical variable "height" and put 15 random numbers in it.
4. Then I set a character variable that includes three types ("Doctor", "Teacher" and "Police").
5. I put these data togather and made a DataFrame by using the data.frame()function. Although the data are generated by me abitarily, but it now looks like a set of data describing the height, salary and age of a group of people whose occupation may be doctor, police or teacher.
6. I called the the lattice library by using the require() function, in order to graph the data into scatter plot.
7. Because the task says that "plot a scatter plot -make a plot from data shown above in two different panels, split by variable z -Make two data series on the same plot", I dropped one subset from original dataframe. The subset dropped includes all the observations of people are doctor. 
8. Then I graph a scatterplot with two panels: one describes the relation between teachers' salary and age, the other describes the relation between Polices' salary and age. Here I used the xyplot() function and I referred to https://www.tutorialgateway.org/lattice-scatter-plot-in-r/.
